these are instructions for the strut
masters grunts truck conversion
installation for the Mercedes s 430
these instructions will fit your models
in 1999 and through 2006 remember that
safety is always a primary concern
always secure your vehicle on jacks
before you remove the front wheel remove
the front and rear set screws from the
bottom of the original strut this
procedure uses a bi-metal metal allen
wrench the control arm should always
move freely from the strut once the set
screws have been removed return to the
top of the car and pinching the two tabs
to remove the strut sensor channel lock
pliers may be useful if you're unable to
pinch the tabs with your hand remove the
three nuts that hold the strut using a
thirteen millimeter socket
and then remove the retainer plate a pry
bar will be needed to pull the control
arm down enough to remove the factory
strip from the vehicle now prepare to
install the new strut masters strut
assembly affirm that all the nuts and
washers that are required are present
for the top three studs also affirm that
both set screws at the bottom of the
strut are present now install the new
strut master strut into position
once the three studs are aligned push
through and install the upper nuts
loosely this procedure will probably
require two people use a crowbar to pry
the control arm downward in order to
guide the strut over the lower mounting
stud ensure that the lower ball joint is
completely seated on the lower ball
joint pin now use the allen wrench to
tighten the set screws completely tight
onto the ball joint pin always remember
to tighten both set screws after you've
tightened both set screws move to the
top to tighten the three upper studs
use a zip tie to tie the factory stroke
controller which will no longer be used
to an existing wire harness neatly trim
the zip ties and always be careful not
to cut the existing factory wires now
place the front wheel back onto the
front hub install and tighten all your
lug nuts
always check your owner's manual or call
your local Mercedes dealer for further
information